epic10list in the late 1800s no one had
a cell phone with a camera on it and I'm
not sure why but they just didn't so
when a family wanted portraits done it
was expensive and cameras back then had
long exposure times so if you wanted a
photo of your child you wanted to make
sure that it was a great photo to help
calm children being photographed the
mothers would often drape themselves
with a cloth as they held their child
still so here are our 10 absolute
favorite ghost mother holding baby
photos number 10 okay this one isn't too
bad for all we know maybe the child is
sitting on an oddly-shaped couch but
look at the baby's feet cameras back
then didn't just snap a photo when he
pressed the button if he didn't hold
absolutely still for a long period of
time the image would come out blurry
hence the blurry foot number nine what
is there even anyone there nakooma loves
looking at the photographer like come on
dude can we please take this tablecloth
off of my mom's head number eight there
is nothing creepy at all about the
mysterious woman behind the baby totally
normal
this photo makes me wonder is it worse
to have a tablecloth on the mother's
head or to have them hiding like this
number seven I'm not even sure why this
is on the list it's obvious that that
baby is sitting on a chair oh man the
tradition of hiding a mother is so weird
number six apparently in the old days
they just let baby sit on top pieces of
furniture whoa wait a second there's a
mother behind that linen number five
okay I get it
you want to hide the mother but do we
have to mummify her I can't imagine why
the kids look so upset
probably because their mother is
suffocating behind a thick tablecloth
number four this girl should be old
enough to hold still long enough for a
photo but no let's throw a sheet on
mom's head just to add a level of creepy
to this photo number three this is what
nightmares are made of that's it this
photo scary we need to move on number
two apparently that is the child's
mother behind the chair but it looks
more like a ghost if this is what we get
when we don't cover the mother then
maybe she should be covered wait why is
she even back there she isn't even
touching the baby number one the kids
are adorable but ghost mom takes away
from any beauty in this photograph hey
guys thanks for watching this super
weird
epic10list
make sure to cover the mothers next time
your family takes a photo absolutely and
if you liked this video be sure to give
it a thumbs up and don't forget to
subscribe